hello I'm polarizer I would like to talk
to you today about the height of the
sidekick I previous video posted by half
a year ago was talking about the height
of the psychic providing that you do not
have the flexibility and a supporting
leg after that few months later I got a
lot of private messages a lot of emails
asking about what happens when you can
so high sidekick and your body is still
down in other words let me demonstrate
what a lot of people are asking ok so
what happens here is the kicking leg
goes very high due to the flexibility of
the supporting leg primarily the ham
stink of the supporting leg and the
inner side of the supporting leg however
the body stays down so the kid goes up
high and the body stays down this kid
does not look good number one if you do
it for demonstration purposes and if you
do it for fighting purposes and your
bodies on the floor you really can't
follow up with your hands or your kick
unless you saw other kicks with your
body be in that flow if that is your
style so this is what happens the body
stays low the kid goes high okay and the
body only stays low so as the kid goes
high there's inability to bring the body
up high as you cook your own order to
maintain the body hunt James on the
other side all right side cook body
stays low okay a couple of things we can
do to improve that situation now how
high your body is going to go will
depend on a number of baptists
supporting leg will be a fact especially
the strength to the supporting leg we
know we have the flexibility now since
the leg goes high so the strength to the
supporting leg exerting muscles the
strength and flexibility in your core
and the strengths and the muscles of the
kicking leg the abductors hip flexors
depending on how voters depending on how
you throw the kick okay so right now we
can focus on the strengths of the
midsection the muscles that flex towards
the kick that's just one part of the
equation if we can focus on that right
now a lot of people are missing that
equation crunches setups will get you
strong abdominals if you do them
correctly but the slightly different
movement
Cole a deflection flexion to one side
towards the kick inside so all the
muscles on the kick inside work external
obliques internal obliques abdominis on
that side the extent is of the spine on
that side even the star hip flexor okay
worked on that side okay so a couple of
things we can do okay begin to two types
of exercise here as preparatory exercise
one again looks a little body and one
again lifts the upper body it's better
kill you over into sideline cares if you
actually lift your upper body however if
you have nobody to hold your legs down
you would lift your lower body so to
lift a little body we want to look both
liked at the same time if you lift just
one leg again working the abductors we
do not want that we want to work the
midsection flexing the body sideways or
lateral flexion so from here you're
bring both legs up and down this is not
to say that your abductors or your
adductors are not working they up but
you also work in the midsection okay if
you can looks upper body this is better
option then demonstrate it now so here
I'm using this to hold my legs down
it is better carry over into the actual
kick once you have worked in the
exercise its lying down on the side of
the body now we can actually take a real
exercise and carry it over into the
actual kick okay the basic exercise is
to put your foot on something okay lean
slightly away from the kick and come
back lean away and come back what you're
doing here essentially is you're
extending your spine into a straight
line and then you laterally flex in it
okay if this is too easy for you I do
not recommend you go down and your lower
because if you do you can be working the
supporting leg and you want to focus
here notice that the leg is being
supported the kicking leg so we're not
working on the abductors or hip flexors
here we working primarily on the
midsection that's our goal okay the
strength of the midsection not
flexibility at the moment we're going
strength to the midsection okay now if
this is too easy couple of options we
can raise the leg or we can use extra
resistance okay sidekick position extra
resistance
one option another option is to place a
lid and will be high and do the small
movement you're going to feel it very
quickly here and this is to answer the
question what happens when you can soar
high kick your leg goes high anybody's
on the floor you have the flexibility
and your supporting leg you may even
have the strength in your supporting leg
depending on how you saw your kick and
how long you hold it but you do not have
the strength and flexibility in a trunk
you do not have the strength and your
kicking leg possibly even the
flexibility and kicking leg so this
exercise is to excess lying down as well
as exercise demonstrated standing will
work the abdominal muscles that leaks
the deeper muscles the back all the
monsters like the body to the side it
will work all these muscles to be able
to flex your body flex your spine toe
with the kicking leg to allow your body
to be more vertical when the kick is
Sloane